*ASSIGNMENT 3*

(1) What are the various types of operators in dart? Explain with Examples.

The following are the various types of operators in Dart:

1) Arithmetic Operators
2) Relational Operators
3) Type Test Operators
4) Bitwise Operators
5) Assignment Operators
6) Logical Operators
7) Conditional Operator
8) Cascade Notation Operator

Arithmetic Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to perform arithmetic operation on the operands.
Symbol: + 
Operator name: Addition	
Use to add two operands

Relational Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to perform relational operation on the operands.
Symbol:  >
Operator name: Greater than	
Check which operand is bigger and give result as boolean expression.

Type Test Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to perform comparison on the operands.
Symbol: is
Operator name: is	
Gives boolean value true as output if the object has specific type

Bitwise Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to perform bitwise operation on the operands.
Symbol: &
Operator name: Bitwise AND	
Performs bitwise and operation on two operands.

Assignment Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to assign value to the operands.
Symbol: =
Operator name: Equal to	
Use to assign values to the expression or variable

Logical Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to logically combine two or more conditions of the operands.
Symbol: &&	
Operator name: And Operator	
Use to add two conditions and if both are true than it will return true.

Conditional Operators:
This class of operators contain those operators which are used to perform comparison on the operands.
Symbol: condition ? expersion1 : expersion2	
Operator name: Conditional Operator	
It is a simple version of if-else statement. If the condition is true than expersion1 is executed else expersion2 is executed.

Cascade Notation Operators:
This class of operators allows you to perform a sequence of operation on the same element. It allows you to perform multiple methods on the same object.
Symbol: ..
Operator name: Cascading Method	
It is used to perform multiple methods on the same object.

(4) What is a difference between these operators “?? And?”

Symbol: ?	
Operator name: Conditional Operator	
It is a simple version of if-else statement. If the condition is true than expersion1 is executed else expersion2 is executed.

Symbol: ??
Operator name: Conditional Operator	
If expersion1 is non-null returns its value else returns expression2 value.

(5) What are the data types supported in Dart? Explain with Examples.

Data type: Var
Keyword: var
Functions for all other data types

Data type: Number	
Keywords: int, double, num	
Numbers in Dart are used to represent numeric literals

Data type: Strings	
Keyword: String	
Strings represent a sequence of characters

Data type: Booleans	
Keyword: bool	
It represents Boolean values true and false

Data type: Lists	
Keyword: List	
It is an ordered group of objects

Data type: Maps	
Keyword: Map	
It represents a set of values as key-value pairs


(9) Declare 5 legal & 5 illegal variable names.

Legal:
1) password
2) password_match
3) password_1
4) password1
5) sahal_1_sultan

Illegal:
1) 123
2) _sahal
3) 27sahal
4) ,sahal
5) 10_sahal

